{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19380\viewh15260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Get JMeter up and running\
1. Copy JMeter.app to Applications folder on each of the load generator machines\
\
2. Place users.csv at the root level of the load generator machine\
\
3. Place 1MB.dmg at the root level of the load generator machine\
\
4. Update users.csv with any new user accounts, if applicable. \
\
5. Open Test Plan in JMeter.  \
	Tip: The included JMeter.app bundle has the ability to open .jmx files just double clicking or drag-and-drop onto the JMeter icon.  For this to work, a file association musts be first created.  This can be done as follows:\
	a. Right-click on the .jmx file you want to open, and select "Get Info"\
	b. Under Open-with, select Other from the drop-down menu\
	c. Select JMeter.app\
	d. In The Get Info dialog, click "Change All"\
\
6. Run perl script\
\
7. Based on values from perl script, update the numbers for the iterations for each tool:\
	for example: Forums, Help, Messages, Schedule, Syllabus, Web Content, Resources\
\
8. Update the paths for the data collectors:\
	Aggregate Graph\
	Transaction Throughput vs. Threads\
	Response Times vs Threads\
	Bytes Throughput over Time\
	PerfMon Metrics Collector\
\
9. Update the script global variables by clicking on the main node in the Test Plan:\
	SERVER\
	PORT\
	PROTOCOL\
\
10. Click on the Min Threadgropu (called "Crawl Site") and make sure the loop count is forever.\
\
11. For the PerfMon Metrics Collector, make sure that the Host IP is pointing to each of the app servers being monitored, and not the F5\
\
12. Run the test and analyze the results\
\
\
}